Set up test jail doc with current inmates (#6774)
AudiusProject/audius-protocol: packages/probers/cypress/e2e/flaky-test-jail.md

# Flaky Test Jail

![flaky test meme](./flaky%20test%20meme.jpeg)

This is where we list out misbehaving tests go if they're so we can keep a green baseline

## Current Inmates

> #### [Upload Track](./uploadTrack.cy.ts)

Author: Should we make a ticket to fix the upload track suite?

# Flaky Test Jail

![flaky test meme](./flaky%20test%20meme.jpeg)

> This is where we list out misbehaving tests go if they're so we can keep a green baseline

Author: oop
```suggestion
A list of flaky/misbehaving tests that we are currently skipping in order to keep a green baseline
```
